Hello everybody, let's talk about the theater today. Who can put the factory?
batteries
is controlled there and that's where I lost.
citizens
tests with him here
the vice president José Alencar
it's not that dude
as its name implies, are four propellers protected by this shell of
his death he accompanies a lady of grace without the protections to play
in open places
supporter also take due to the burns a cold front another underneath
the also other action sensors to measure the height of goal
on the small battery brain
just plug it in and it will connect automatically
the connection is simple just connect to the network the iphone created by heartland and
open the control application in case the fridge is available
free in app store
and accept I was from him you see the image of the cameras and who controls them
voting speed
it is possible to control what accelerated 8 or only by the two have done more and
this is just one of several target options
to take off just press the chest button
the emergency button to turn it on
driver was injured
to avoid collisions
the control effect
easy to take off
the comedian should work much nicer more closed
for now it will not stay like that as well as criticize
let's not go outside doing some tests
we did several outdoor tests that the indicator remained stable
even with strong winds we only lose control when we watch this time
maximum
he passed by six meters but was almost driven by the wind
each one was very high
can take some
time to get used to the controls but after a few
it is easy to do maneuvers that take you and help you wherever you want
controls are bento
how far do we get
but in this other test in a square surrounded
invitations + country
the woman arrived and had signal problems slightly less
with a little practice you can control just by looking at the big screen
and with two points
there are more apps that offer other features
will have Brazilian court allows to record the images captured by the airport was
with vga quality
the gameplay increased to two for another four months are applications that
are also available in the app store
which surpasses existing and also well
only those problems with this product
the public is a raw material
for 15 minutes
but we can not go wrong
by means of a button
now go the groups on the river
in four modules
but could not finish so far
the victim had a good career
the supporter
Here in Brazil
he owns about 1700 reais
enough money you bought the idea the agreement the mayor of the city
in the United States has been postponed three times what I think is legal access around
300 scholarships per day
the names of approved
a car broke into yesterday morning
no thank you
however the government
And not only
parents must leave the government
in the neymar attack they normally trained
- It's cool but it's not
besides neymar
it's cool
Other than that it is an excellent product and toys
very fun
you can control it too with the sport started in 2005
the full video you find on the website
in addition to the inscription below
and if you have any questions about drugs
- on the crisis of cirrhosis
it belongs to the comment that will be received do not forget also in the
last months this national scenario until next week